back like every monday for a
new kirby compet last week
for number 13
I asked you to solve a
riddle from a disc that you
will give via the video
number thirteen plus to 10 facebook i
gave facebook cannabis why because
that I noticed that the answer was
given several times just a few
hours after the broadcast of the video
on youtube and ben two players were
came out in the messages it was
ratatouille and trivial pursuit it was
especially thanks to a 10 cheeses and well
the answer was trivial pursuit because
that already console new jeanne
new generation is at 300 ps3 wii
the outputs be the three consoles the
10 intelligence about the fact
that star is a game of intelligence
that is to say to answer to
questions and then the a10 cheese base
because that's with that represented the
pie chart for like in the game of
society and so suddenly the person who
told me the answer first I think
that he did not say a quarter of an hour later
broadcast so good I was a little
disgusted because I wanted to make it last
the suspense but when we see that the
answer was given a quarter of an hour
after j -p
China has already found so I would not have
due will become monday this cheese all of
so it's a bit of my fault
the person of the blow who gave me in
first the answer to this puzzle and the
blow wins the kirby group is number
13 trixie him bravo to you so you
win a video game from my collection
personal as usual send me
your list of games you want amp
go for the kirby compet 14 a new
concept
it will finally be necessary to create
a pokemon card with kirby for that
I put in link in the description of
this video the site to create precisely
this card will have to represent kirby
logical it will be necessary to put your
youtube nickname in the map you
but you put it anywhere at
unless I can see that it's
well your card makes you right click
save as you posted
host it on maul czech and you me
see the link christmas checks on my box
mp youtube I know that right now there is
had goals of worries because it takes
now have a google account
google + to send dmp emit
comments
via youtube so if you do not have any
google account + you can send me
your participation via an account
facebook and on my facebook kirby 54
but what will change this
week it will not be me who will
choose the famous winner it will be
bachiri poke colleagues and do the
pokemon specialist because I myself
remember any more rules at
pokemon cards and as always good
luck to all